chore: add GitHub issue templates (#2)
blackbaud/skyux: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: Feature request

> about: Suggest an idea for this project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Suggest an idea to help us improve this project
```

title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''
---

**Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe.**

> A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Ex. I'm always frustrated when [...]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A clear, concise description of the problem.
```
Might just be me, but the truncated example didn't seem to provide enough detail to help consumers fill this out. I'd either delete the example or flesh it out.

> **Describe the solution you'd like**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Describe your solution**
```

> A clear and concise description of what you want to happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A clear, concise description of what you want to happen.
```

> **Describe alternatives you've considered**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Describe alternative solutions**
```

> A clear and concise description of any alternative solutions or features you've considered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A clear, concise description of alternative solutions or features that you considered.
```

**Additional context**

> Add any other context or screenshots about the feature request here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any other details or screenshots for the feature request.
```
